feat(sidebar): added padding and border to sidebar (#5221)
patternfly/patternfly: src/patternfly/components/Sidebar/examples/Sidebar.md

  {{#> sidebar-panel}}
    Sidebar panel. Adding some extra content so that the gap between the panel and content area is better illustrated in this example.
  {{/sidebar-panel}}

>   {{#> sidebar-content sidebar-content--modifier="pf-m-bordersss"}}

Reviewer: Do you mean `pf-m-border` on line 16 and 32?

Author: Oof, nope! Good catch, thanks

Author: @srambach updated!

| `.pf-c-sidebar__main` | `<div>` | Initiates the sidebar main element. **Required** |
| `.pf-c-sidebar__panel` | `<div>` | Initiates the sidebar panel element. **Required** |
| `.pf-c-sidebar__content` | `<div>` | Initiates the sidebar content element. **Required** |

> | `.pf-m-border` | `.pf-c-sidebar__panel`, `.pf-c-sidebar__content` | Modifies the sidebar component to add a border between the panel and content. **Note:** Does not work with `.pf-c-sidebar__panel.pf-m-static`. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `.pf-m-border` | `.pf-c-sidebar__main` | Modifies the sidebar component to add a border between the panel and content. |
```
